Update `gomplate` datasources. Add `env` and `evaluations ` sections to `Go` template configurations (#599)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/core-concepts/stacks/templating.md

and [Gomplate Datasources](https://docs.gomplate.ca/datasources/)
are supported as well.

## Important Note

> Atmos supports two different ways of configuring and using `Go` templates:

Reviewer: Go templates are also used in vendoring files and component.yaml

The schema is the same as `templates.settings` in the `atmos.yaml` [CLI config file](/cli/configuration),
except the following settings are not supported in the `settings.templates.settings` section:

- `settings.templates.settings.enabled`
- `settings.templates.settings.sprig.enabled`
- `settings.templates.settings.gomplate.enabled`
- `settings.templates.settings.evaluations`
- `settings.templates.settings.delimiters`

These settings are not supported for the following reasons:

- You can't disable templating in the stack manifests which are being processed by Atmos as `Go` templates 

- If you define the `delimiters` in the `settings.templates.settings` section in stack manifests, 
  the `Go` templating engine will think that the delimiters specify the beginning and the end of template strings, will 
  try to evaluate it, which will result in an error

As an example, let's define templating configuration for the entire organization in the `stacks/orgs/acme/_defaults.yaml` 
stack manifest:

```yaml title="stacks/orgs/acme/_defaults.yaml"
settings:
  templates:

>     settings:

Reviewer: I find this super confusing (`settings.templates.settings`), and thought it was a typo when I saw it below

    terraform_workspace: plat-ue2-dev
```

## Environment Variables

> Environment variables to use when processing and executing templates can be defined in the `env` map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some data sources might need environment variables that are different from the environment variables in Stack configuration. Environment variables may be passed to data soruces when processing and executing templates by defining `env` map.
```

It's supported in both the `templates.settings` section in `atmos.yaml` [CLI config file](/cli/configuration) and in the 
`settings.templates.settings` section in [Atmos stack manifests](/core-concepts/stacks).

For example:

```yaml
settings:
  templates:
    settings:

>       # Environment variables to use when executing templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # Environment variables passed to datasources when evaluating templates```
